chore: walk postgres versions (#2926)
authzed/spicedb: CHANGELOG.md

- Add support for imports and partials to the schemadsl package that drives the LSP and development server (https://github.com/authzed/spicedb/pull/2919).
- `DatastoreTester.New` now takes a `testing.TB` as its first argument, allowing per-test cleanup in datastore test suites (https://github.com/authzed/spicedb/pull/2925).
- Added support for CRDB 26.1 by fixing how version information is read from the cluster

> - Updated Postgres tests to remove v13 and add v18 per their support schedule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated CI so that Postgres tests run against v18 which is GA and not against v13 which is EOL (https://github.com/authzed/spicedb/pull/2926)
```
